doc: expermiental support for nrf53 (#377)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/sidewalk_known_issues.rst

See the list of known issues that are valid for the current state of development.

> v1.14.5-dev1

Reviewer: version of tag to be checked, before was discussed 1.14.4 dev1 as next release is going to be 1.14.5 dev1

Author: As discussed offline - v1.14.5 dev1

------------

> * KRKNWK-17320: BLE connection between Gateway and End Node is dropped earlier than 30 seconds of being idle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* KRKNWK-17320: Bluetooth LE connection between Gateway and End Node drops within 30 seconds of being idle.
```
tbc

>     Only on nRF5340 (experimental support). Failing certifiaction test.

Reviewer: spelling error:
-> certification

>     Only on nRF5340 (experimental support). Failing certification test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The issue occurs only on the nRF5340 development kit (experimental support) and happens due to failing certification test.
```
rephrased it a bit - let me know if the meaning is affected

> * KRKNWK-17321: Multiple restarts ends with fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* KRKNWK-17321: The device fails after multiple restarts.
```
tbc - the device/application?

>     Only on nRF5340 (experimental support). Failing certifiaction test.

Reviewer: spelling error:
-> certification

>     Only on nRF5340 (experimental support). Failing certification test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The issue occurs only on the nRF5340 development kit (experimental support) and happens due to failing certification test.
```
tbc - as above

> * KRKNWK-17308: Release version does not boot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* KRKNWK-17308: Release version does not boot.
```

>     Only on nRF5340 (experimental support).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The issue occurs only on the nRF5340 development kit (experimental support).
```

> * KRKNWK-17114: Bootloder configuration not optimized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* KRKNWK-17114: Bootloader configuration is not optimized
```

> * KRKNWK-17114: Bootloder configuration not optimized.

Reviewer: Bootloader

>     Only on nRF5340 (experimental support). Large booloder partioin size 48 kB. DFU always requires external flash.

Reviewer: spelling errors 
-> bootloader
->partition

>     Only on nRF5340 (experimental support). Large bootloader partition size 48 kB. DFU always requires external flash.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The issue occurs only on the nRF5340 development kit (experimental support). 
   Due to large bootloader partition size (48 kB), the DFU always requires an external flash.
```
TBC if the meaning is as intended
